NAME                                                              READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
application-chart-142ed-applicationui-7c65d7f59-jvscf             1/1     Running   0          57s
application-chart-142ed-applicationui-7c65d7f59-wvlzl             1/1     Running   0          57s
application-chart-142ed-consoleapi-55f549bddb-2tms9               1/1     Running   0          57s
application-chart-142ed-consoleapi-55f549bddb-f6tw2               1/1     Running   0          57s
cluster-curator-controller-565b5b49db-24d77                       1/1     Running   0          53s
cluster-curator-controller-565b5b49db-sbjdf                       1/1     Running   0          53s
cluster-manager-6d768bc5cb-4v6v6                                  1/1     Running   0          2m49s
cluster-manager-6d768bc5cb-n25tf                                  1/1     Running   0          2m49s
cluster-manager-6d768bc5cb-nbpvx                                  1/1     Running   0          2m49s
clusterclaims-controller-ff95756f4-n8v4j                          2/2     Running   0          53s
clusterclaims-controller-ff95756f4-xm9rz                          2/2     Running   0          53s
clusterlifecycle-state-metrics-v2-bd4756c96-99rfx                 1/1     Running   0          53s
console-chart-8b337-console-v2-6c97658bf9-h8t62                   1/1     Running   0          56s
console-chart-8b337-console-v2-6c97658bf9-tvrz8                   1/1     Running   0          56s
discovery-operator-679794f74b-w7bf7                               1/1     Running   0          56s
grc-d9c0d-grcui-6d8846f4dd-6bbp5                                  1/1     Running   0          54s
grc-d9c0d-grcui-6d8846f4dd-swqhw                                  1/1     Running   0          54s
grc-d9c0d-grcuiapi-6fc545d55-2vf4c                                1/1     Running   0          54s
grc-d9c0d-grcuiapi-6fc545d55-gdxql                                1/1     Running   0          54s
grc-d9c0d-policy-propagator-668db9757d-bpqz2                      2/2     Running   0          54s
grc-d9c0d-policy-propagator-668db9757d-nxjzk                      2/2     Running   0          54s
hive-operator-9548689bc-l28px                                     1/1     Running   0          2m48s
infrastructure-operator-5d8d9bddb7-2jbv2                          1/1     Running   0          54s
klusterlet-addon-controller-v2-f5bbd4798-zhdv2                    1/1     Running   0          53s
klusterlet-addon-controller-v2-f5bbd4798-zvnhk                    1/1     Running   0          53s
managedcluster-import-controller-v2-55cd6bc658-4xtb4              1/1     Running   0          53s
managedcluster-import-controller-v2-55cd6bc658-rkhwp              1/1     Running   0          53s
management-ingress-056f6-79cdb79f78-9wz5r                         2/2     Running   0          57s
management-ingress-056f6-79cdb79f78-dt6lx                         2/2     Running   0          57s
multicluster-observability-operator-d4bbbcd8b-9l7k9               1/1     Running   0          2m49s
multicluster-operators-application-5bd855f77c-d4jn2               4/4     Running   3          2m48s
multicluster-operators-channel-74fb8587f7-qk5ws                   1/1     Running   1          2m48s
multicluster-operators-hub-subscription-98f9bbc8b-677f4           1/1     Running   0          2m48s
multicluster-operators-standalone-subscription-67c56c464f-84qr8   1/1     Running   0          2m48s
multiclusterhub-operator-75566754b6-497k5                         1/1     Running   0          2m49s
multiclusterhub-repo-8644b6569c-jqrcg                             1/1     Running   0          100s
ocm-controller-7d9d98f9c4-7lmls                                   1/1     Running   0          59s
ocm-controller-7d9d98f9c4-tzq4v                                   1/1     Running   0          59s
ocm-proxyserver-76f85d56dc-bccmj                                  1/1     Running   0          59s
ocm-proxyserver-76f85d56dc-j2ns4                                  1/1     Running   0          59s
ocm-webhook-5c787bcdfd-4bwj2                                      1/1     Running   0          99s
ocm-webhook-5c787bcdfd-vsnzx                                      1/1     Running   0          99s
policyreport-4bc43-insights-client-8564ddbb7d-nhgsq               1/1     Running   0          56s
policyreport-4bc43-metrics-55d947969-b8chd                        2/2     Running   0          56s
provider-credential-controller-6c577f45d7-rwf4v                   2/2     Running   0          53s
search-operator-bdf6f79dc-q7gkx                                   1/1     Running   0          52s
search-prod-7b29c-search-aggregator-79f9d89677-2hmx5              0/1     Running   0          52s
search-prod-7b29c-search-api-6858dccc8c-qbq4h                     1/1     Running   0          52s
search-prod-7b29c-search-api-6858dccc8c-xvqcj                     1/1     Running   0          52s
search-prod-7b29c-search-collector-d987597d7-dw5z2                0/1     Running   0          53s
search-redisgraph-0                                               1/1     Running   0          38s
search-ui-77b56d589c-grlld                                        1/1     Running   0          53s
search-ui-77b56d589c-rj2kf                                        1/1     Running   0          52s
submariner-addon-69478cb9-x7xtf                                   1/1     Running   0          2m49s
